How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    in the way that searching the error is easier than search it manually

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    cause that help to us to have a control in the files versions

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros of having an automatically way to save the files are:
    1.-you dont have to worry about to save the file every certain time
    2.-it helps to optimize the time lapse, and you can focus only in the code
    3.-the team work is much better

    The cons:
    1.-it requires internet
    2.- i dont find another one

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    because git have a version control of every certain file

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    i can use them to compare and solve sintaxis errors

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    i want to have a version control with git, more than that, i want to be better

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

as i say before, it optimize many things, like the save process, and the errors solution. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

well i already answer this question

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

cause there's some kind of things that requires complements, like web pages requires css, html.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
comparing the commits and every single version, and changes on the code 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
by having the satisfaction to feel all is good, and it will remains that way, even if i make a lot of changes

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
to upload and manage different versions of my files


